hello ladies and gentlemen it is just a
quick 6 min here and I just want to make
a quick clothes tutorial on how to make
it team builder team for your EA Sports
NCAA football 13 12 10 or 11 13 right
now I'm on the eat I'm on the EA Sports
team builder 12 size because I have been
CA a 12 when you search up here let's
open a new tab hey search up team
builder will come up and you'll be going
on to the NCAA 13 team builders side if
you want to go on to the team builder 12
site there's the link right there
so I'm on this side you can either login
or register but it doesn't really matter
if you register it's just it click away
and I'll show you what to do on your
xbox once you finish creating your
school now you click on create school
and now let's start it up I just have
the team right here that I just made I'm
give it the team the nickname where it
is and everything else here I downloaded
the logo by uploading the logo you see
my name is cool team so I just want to
make it look really cool next I want to
take the pic change the stadium what
does it look like down here you can
choose if you want it to be normal like
here which word there and then or you
can just have it like any other team but
the problem is with having it any other
team signs will say like say you have
the Falcons Air Force Falcons it'll be
like Falcons all over the place but I
say use the bold style genetic or pro
style gently now you can go to field and
edit your thing I made it say pimp in
town for no reason you can edit how big
you want your logo to be and where you
want the secondary logos to be to pay
for that 20 to 25 to 30 to 35 next you
can edit your uniform here as you can
see I have two different helmets I have
a home-and-away shirt in a home
old shirt there know why I altered also
for pants I have a primary and a
secondary pursue they're just the same
see from my mascot you can't create your
own that's the problem you have to
choose from anyone so let's just choose
Sparky or big owl next you go to program
you want to put all a-pluses so when
you're drafting people or playing
dynasty you'll be able to see your team
and your team will be able to get those
recruiting recruits that you really want
next for a roster it's going to be like
p1 p2 so I would just random the names
if I were you last save your school now
that now that now that it is safe you
can now go to your Xbox and download it
and play with it in dynasty online
dynasty or just plain old road to glory
okay go to team builder which is right
by King management click on it now go
all the way to the top that says search
schools under author you should try and
search up either your name that you had
on team builder comm or your Xbox name
or ps3 name that you had already on and
say team builder now since I'm just your
six to six men I'm going to go down to
search so I could just search for my
team whoa three matches are found let's
see what schools we have oh here's the
cool team so let's preview the uniform
since we know that since we'll see if
that's actually our school our team
yeah I think that's our team so let's
download the school now you go to save
school
now once the school is saved you can now
play with it see here's an example
well it's saving right now
you go to play now and say you want to
play as your team you have to go all the
way to the end so Pat you have to go
past Virginia and past West Virginia in
Wisconsin and Wyoming then you should
see your team builder teams or right
before air force
there's cool there's my other team the
Dolphins the friars and the mountain dew
so let's load our cool team and if you
want to do that then that means you can
play with them just and play now see
check that out ok so say now you want to
play within a dynasty you go to dynasty
and who cares about all this new coach
phony baloneys stuff so once it loads we
create a new coach
then we continue now if you want to play
with your team builder school you go to
down to the bottom under dynasty teams
and say important team builder schools
you can choose whatever school you want
so let's do the cool team now this means
is it says swap with it means that
instead of having say Air Force because
it's the first one instead of having Air
Force cool team will be in its place
so whatever conference Air Force is in
that's where cool team is so there won't
be any Air Force or yeah so once you
swap them you can start your dynasty and
you can choose your the cool team so
once it updating coach and all that
stuff we can go all the way to the left
under c4 cool theme let's go all the way
there we are you can be the head coach
defense your offensive coordinator
pretty cool right and for road to glory
you can choose what college you want to
be in with it so that's that's our
tutorial for today if you have any
questions just comment like and
subscribe see you guys later